### Trivia Game Rules & Details

The vision for our project is to create an application that quizzes the user on a series of trivia questions with selectable categories. There will be four categories of trivia each with 5 questions relevant to the category of trivia chosen by the user. The four categories will be sports, tv/movies, history/geography, and general knowledge/miscellaneous. The user will have the option to select any of these four categories which will then bring up each question one by one. For each question the user will be given a one-minute timer to answer the question. If the timer runs out before an answer is selected the question will automatically be considered incorrect. Each correct answer will be added to a total score out of 5 for each category. All questions will be multiple choice questions to simplify the user input. If a question is answered correctly text will be displayed underneath the multiple-choice options saying, “That’s correct!” If a question is answered incorrectly text will be displayed saying “Sorry that is incorrect, the answer is” and display the correct answer to the question. Once an option is selected a new button will appear on the screen the bottom right with the text “Next question” which will take the user to the next question in the category. Once the user completes all 5 questions in the category the text, “Congratulations you received a, “and their score out of 5 will be displayed with the category name. The user will then have the option to return to select a category and start a new quiz and repeat the process with new category questions.
